Sequence 9: Marauder
Marauders are difficult to separate from ordinary bandits or thieves. Perhaps the means available to them are more impressive, but their goal of stealing riches is not for enjoyment or survival - for them, it is more like answering a calling.
Night Vision: They possess the ability to see in the darkness.
Superior Observation: They gain an innate intuition of where valuable items are or even how much they're approximately worth. This applies to supernatural items as well.
This intuition can be so powerful, that they can sense if there is something valuable in a drawer or cupboard, without actually being capable of seeing what's inside.
Physical Enhancement: After advancing, Marauders possess a powerful body, granting them an enhanced agility, dexterity, and strength.
These enhancements grant a Marauder powerful coordination, near inhuman level of acrobatic skills, and excellent talent in the realm of throwing various objects.
This allows them to commit various feats of acrobatics, such as swinging themselves up by their feet, easily scaling the outsides of buildings or using backflips to evade attacks during fights.
Besides that, Marauders can also use merely one of their arms to throw various heavy objects (such as swords or daggers), quickly and very precisely onto a target from a medium distance.
They possess very dexterous hands, which are even more improved than the general enhancements given to the rest of their body.
Their wrist and finger flexibility and dexterity is drastically heightened, making them experts at sleight of hand and grants them an edge in fields that require precise finger strength.
Theft (Stealing): All the other previous abilities, whether it be Night Vision, Superior Observation, or their Physical Enhancements, serve to make the Marauder's core skill of Stealing various items and valuables even more potent.
Advertisement

Sequence 8: Swindler
These Beyonders seem to take part in committing fraud. They gain enjoyment from swindling.

New Abilities[1][2]

Deception: Swindlers possess a natural charm which they can use effectively to Deceive others.
Their natural charm only makes them easier to trust and believe, not more pleasing to the eye.
They are masters in the art of speech and can mislead the thoughts of those they talk to.
They are quick in action and fast in speed when executing matters related to their plans.
Minor Illusion: They can create small Illusions to trick and deceive their opponents.
Sequence 7: Cryptologist
New Abilities[1]

Decryption: Cryptologists can recreate the truth behind anything related to mysticism or predict the development of events just from bits and scraps of evidence.
There are three aspects that make up this ability:
They gain the mastery of mysticism knowledge.
Their own Spiritual Intuition is massively enhanced.
Their ability to observe, associate thoughts, and deduce is improved.
They must be cautious as some Decryptions may cause unwanted attention from high-level beings.
They are able to Decrypt illusions and lies, enabling them to see through most falsehoods.
They can Decrypt the Honorific Names of Deities, however, they have to respect it.
They can Decrypt the secrets behind Mystical Items and Sealed Artifacts.
Advertisement

Sequence 6: Prometheus
Strengthened Abilities[5]

Theft (Stealing): From Sequence 6 onwards, not only would Theft have its effects and success rate increase, it would also obtain a deeper level of conceptualization. A Prometheus's Theft can affect Beyonder powers, mundane abilities, and objects across a distance.
Power Siphoning: A Prometheus can Steal a target's Beyonder power and adeptly use it themselves for about 10 minutes. The physical action taken to trigger the Theft is to twist their wrist. Once they have selected the ability they wish to Steal, they flick their wrist to detach the ability and cause it to fly towards them swiftly.
Things that can be Stolen appear as blobs of light and color on the target's body.
The more they understand their target, the easier it is to Steal the power they wish to Steal.
They must be able to locate the corresponding symbols that make up the desired ability, which takes time if they don’t know what to look for.
Knowledge of the victim's Pathway and the corresponding mysticism is vitally important to increase their chances of a successful Theft.
Stealing from a target of the same Sequence will warrant a chance of failure, the higher the Sequence, the easier it is to fail.
The less they know about their target, the likelier the Theft will either not work, be random, and/or rely on luck.
A successful Theft will make their target lose the Stolen power and would need anywhere from a couple of hours to a couple of days to recover.
A Stolen ability will continue to function if activated prior to the Theft, preventing it from being a way to stop foreign Beyonder powers.
Mental Corruption can be considered a kind of Beyonder power and it can also be Stolen, albeit at one's own risk.
They can Steal mundane abilities, this includes but is not limited to the physical ability to walk or fly.
They can also attempt to Steal physical objects from a target within a 50 meter range.
Advertisement

Sequence 5: Dream Stealer
New Abilities

Dream Infusion: Dream Stealers can infiltrate the Dreams of others and infuse scenes within the Dream to influence their target's future decisions and actions.
Strengthened Abilities

Theft (Stealing): A Dream Stealer's Theft can now be applied to thoughts and knowledge.
A target's thoughts can be Stolen, making them forget their actions and ideas on the spot.
It is possible for their targets to completely miss the fact that thoughts were Stolen, unless if they were to think about it carefully.
Stealing thoughts would force a Dream Stealer to do the corresponding actions as a follow-up, as it now belongs to them.
Mobet Zoroast Stole the King of the North Ulyssan's intention to unleash a breath attack, causing the former to spit and the latter puzzled on what it wanted to do.
A target's knowledge can temporarily be Stolen, making them forget their learned knowledge.[6]
Anderson Hood used a mystical item related to the Error Pathway to Steal knowledge from a person on how to speak Dutanese.
Sequence 4: Parasite
Strengthened Abilities[7][8][9]

Decryption: Their ability as a Cryptologist has been drastically enhanced. Whether it be through evidence or observation, they can expertly Track others through the clues they reveal.
Flora Jacob Decrypted the mystery about Klein's location, finding him quickly.
Theft (Stealing): At this level, Theft can now be applied to life, distance, and position. Their other capabilities with Theft have also been massively enhanced as their ability to Steal reaches more conceptual levels.
Power Siphoning: They are now able to accurately steal Beyonder powers, and with better understanding, the higher the chances of success.
If the target is of a lower Sequence then them and their situation is known to the Parasite, they are able to Steal anything they want from the target.
They can Steal Beyonder powers from the same targeted Beyonder for up to 3 times at an instant. One Stealing attempt is limited to one power.
Stolen Beyonder powers, regardless of the targeted Beyonders' status or level, will remain usable to a Parasite for about 2 hours.
Parasitism: They can become a literal Parasite and latch onto a target's body thus the target becomes their Host.
This ability has 2 modes:
Concealed Mode: They can hide in the body of their target and see and hear everything their host sees and hears but cannot fully control or interfere with their host.
This also grants them some level of Concealment abilities as Divinations on them will be obstructed by their host.
Controlling Mode: They nearly fuse with their target's Spirit Body, enabling full control over the body and understanding all their target's thoughts and intentions.
Amon's Avatar Parasitized Klein, making Klein unable to control his body or conceal his thoughts from "Him".
Parasitism can be used as a way to extend lifespans or recover from weakness, however switching hosts is energy-consuming, therefore they usually choose hosts that live longer.
They prefer Beyonders of the same Pathway, their second choice is The Fool Pathway or Door Pathway because their Beyonder Characteristics can supplement Parasites and help them recover faster.
The host can also influence their Parasite through their body structure and hormones.
If the host is a normal animal, a Parasite risks being affected: losing speech and forgetting their identity as a human. In these cases, they must keep talking to humans to prevent losing control.
Parasites will always steal something when emerging from their Parasitic form.
Flora Jacob, when she emerged from her Parasitic form, Stole Klein's Marionette's thoughts, Beyonder powers of Air Cannon and Paper Figurine Substitutes and items like his belt, coat, and hat.
They can perform large-scale Thefts, Stealing multiple things or abilities at the same time.
Flora Jacob Stole Klein's Marionettes’ ability to walk, and use certain Beyonder abilities.
At this level, they can control the items they Steal and make them appear at a suitable time.
Amon repeatedly brought along items and Sealed Artifacts "He" Stole from other people.
They can Steal thoughts without having to act out the corresponding actions.
Amon Stole Klein's thoughts of suicide, without doing the follow-up actions.
They are now able to steal at least 500 meters of distance and position.
Flora Jacob Stole Gehrman Sparrow Marionettes' position, replacing each other positions.
Flora Jacob Stole the distance between her and Klein, instantly appearing beside him.
Mythical Creature Form

As a Sequence 4 Demigod they receive a some level of Godhood, and with it comes an incomplete Mythical Creature Form, the small maggots generated from the Error Pathway's Mythical Creature form are called Worms of Time.
A Worm of Time looks like a strange worm with about 8 circles, the transparent rings of has many three-dimensional patterns as though time is swirling through them.
Parasites can divide small maggots, Worms of Time from their own Mythical Creature Form to use for various unique and different purposes.
They can kill these maggots and wait for the minute Beyonder characteristics to be released, then use the carcasses to contain the power that is bestowed by a high-level existence.
Through this, they can use the carcasses of the maggots as high-level materials to create various charms and special bullets.
Doing this fractures their own Spirit Body, dealing considerable damage and making them unable to do this frequently.
They can separate Worms of Time to Parasitize a Sealed Artifact with Living Characteristics, significantly reducing the corresponding negative effects and making it obedient.[10]
Advertisement

Sequence 3: Mentor of Deceit
Strengthened Abilities

Decryption: A Mentor of Deceit's ability to Decrypt has undergone a change, allowing them to directly discern a target's weaknesses, which they can then use to trick their opponents.[10]
The actions of others can quickly expose their problems in the eyes of a Mentor of Deceit, making it easy for them to mislead their enemies into making errors in their judgement.
Amon's Avatar, only from Klein's action of turning only insects and animals into marionettes, was able to determine Klein's weaknesses and take the most appropriate action against him, so "He" could easily break him down.
Deception: A Mentor of Deceit is a more profound version of a Swindler as their Deception now extends to more abstract concepts.
Their voices are filled with a persuasive power that makes them able to easily Deceive their enemies to trust and believe their words without much of thinking about it.[11]
Amon's Avatar words to Flora Jacob made Klein, who the words were not even addressed to, find extremely reasonable, forgetting the true reason for coming to the forest.
Amon's Avatar made Flora Jacob, who was on the verge of losing control, calm down, follow, listen, and become persuaded by his words.
Amon's Avatar Deceived Flora Jacob so she couldn't realize the potential problems he'll bring to her with his actions.
They can Deceive the laws of nature and the rules of the world.
Klein Deceived the rules of the Pride mask, allowing him to use it to enter the Garden of Eden.
Klein Deceived the rules of "His" revival needing to be a certain range around "His" corpse.
Amon Deceived a lantern which allowed it to emit light without needing fuel for a week.
Amon Deceived the boundaries between the Forsaken Land of the Gods to enter them.
Amon constantly siphoned power from the Sea Prayer Ritual via Deception.
Advertisement

Sequence 2: Trojan Horse of Destiny
Alternate name: Fate Stealer[12]

New Abilities[13]

Avatars: "They" can separate some of "Their" Beyonder Characteristics and create Avatars which can operate independently from the main body.
Avatars can consume Beyonder Characteristics of the Error Pathway to enhance "Their" strength, level, and abilities as a Beyonder.
Though it is possible to create an Avatar with similar strength to the main body, this can leave "Their" mental state unstable, and can make said Avatar rebel against "Them".
Low-level Avatars have the ability to use some of "Their" higher Sequence powers. Still, certain matters regarding the use of high Sequence powers would take time.
"They" can use "Their" Avatars to gather and consume Beyonder Characteristics, then return to the main body, making the main body became even stronger.
By the same mechanism, the Avatars can use the strongest one as the center and automatically gather together to achieve an elevation in strength.
Avatars can turn into "Them" by stealing the main body's Spirit Body, consciousness, and psyche.
Avatars and the main body are still the same, but "They" can be located in different areas.
"They" can choose whether or not to synchronize information with "Their" Avatars.
Avatars can also be created through the use of deep-level Parasitism.[14]
Authorities

Destiny: "They" are able to feel and tamper with the flow of destiny within a certain region, "Themselves" or someone else "They" control. This grants "Them" great perceptive and manipulative abilities.
"They" are able to sense subtle changes in "Their" destiny and ripples generated by fate, making "Them" capable of sensing and detect the actions and incidents which "They" are a part or center.[15]
Amon said that if Klein had worn the monocle over his right eye with the intention of imitating "Him", "He" would have noticed.
"They" are immediately aware of any sudden abnormalities hidden within "Their" fate and destiny or the fate of the region "They" are in.[10]
Pallez Zoroast was able to feel the abnormalities that happen in the fate of the area, taking countermeasures against Amon's Avatar that went to Klein.
"They" could use the death of “Their” Avatars to see the corresponding changes of destiny and fate.[16]
Through the death of one of "His" Avatars, Amon was able to discern the changes happening within the Sefirah Castle, and thus was able to discern the general location of its user.
"They" are able to know the secrets and general past of the creatures They" have Parasitized.[11]
Amon's Avatar knew that Flora Jacob didn’t undergo a good education in Mysticism, her general past, and the circumstances that led her to becoming a Beyonder.
"They" can tinker with someone else's destiny, making certain errors appear for a period of time by exploiting some sort of loopholes in fate.[10]
Amon's Avatar made it so no one could notice Klein's intentions to seek help, be it through the creation of various commotions or prior agreements that were set by Klein.
Strengthened Abilities

Theft (Stealing): "Their" Theft can now be applied to the various aspects of fate, identity, self-awareness and Beyonder Characteristics.[17]
Fate Siphoning: "They" can siphon off the fate between two creatures in a short time. and when the Fate Siphoning is done, it's akin to a swap of the fates those creatures had.
Audrey used the Fate Siphon Charm to siphon off the fate of being hypnotized by Hvin Rambis between her and him, making Hvin Rambis be hypnotized by Audrey.
Amon's painting siphoned off the fate between Overseer Perle's painting and Lumian, making Lumian's fate to fall asleep affect Perle's painting instead of him.[18]
"They" can invade the identity and destiny of a person, and most will not realize that the person has changed without deep observation, and even steal their Beyonder Characteristics.
Amon personally stole Termiboros's destiny, allowing "Him" to gain the Sequence 1 Beyonder Characteristics of the Dancer Pathway.
Parasitism: At this level, a Trojan Horse of Destiny can further strengthen the degree of Parasitism, being able to Parasitize "Themselves".
"They" can use deep-level Parasitism to make the host body into "Their" own Avatar.[19]
Power Siphoning: "Their" ability as a Prometheus to steal Beyonder powers has been greatly improved.
"They" can Steal up to 6 Beyonder powers from a single target and within a singular time.[20]
Amon's Avatar stole 6 Beyonder powers from Klein (who was Sequence 4 at the time) in one go.
Mythical Creature Form

"Their" Mythical Creature Form becomes complete. It is a huge ancient stone clock with twelve grayish-white segments with distinct patterns carved onto it. The hands on the clock are "Their" Worms of Time.
A Trojan Horse of Destiny can split off "Their" Worms of Time and invade "Their" targets in a concealed manner through Spirit Body Threads. This is a more unavoidable form of Parasitism.
Advertisement

Sequence 1: Worm of Time
Authorities

Theft: At this level, "They" can temporarily Steal time, Anchors, and Authorities.[17]
"They" can steal almost anything, like time from "Their" target's lifespan, increasing "Their" own lifespan while eventually making "Their" target dead from exhausting their natural lifespan.
"Their" targets would seem to age rapidly, a manifestation of "Their" powers being symbolized, however. "They" cannot accurately Steal a target's age to make them grow faster, if "They" were to steal the lifespan of a baby, the baby would only grow wrinkles while their hair turns white, then die.
"They" can Steal their target's time, giving "Themselves" more time.
Amon's Avatar Stole Klein's time, making his convergence to Pallez be slower, like "He" had gain more time.[20]
"They" can directly Steal the Anchors of Beyonders through certain loopholes.
While this type of Theft is normally of little value, it is very useful at the critical moment of an advancement or apotheosis ritual, the sudden decrease in Anchors would tip the balance of advancing Beyonders and make them lose control on the spot.
Time: "They" have Authority over Time that manifests itself in different ways:
"They" can summon a phantom of "Their" Mythical Creature form to Manipulate Time, "They" can choose whether or not to affect certain objects within range to avoid friendly fire.
"They" can slow down time, even to the point of stopping it.
Amon manipulated time, making everything in "His" surroundings slow down, allowing "Him" to interfere with Arianna's attack on Klein as well as slowing Zaratul down.
Klein used 0-62 to Replicate Amon's Beyonder authority of Time, causing the freezing of a lightning sea created by Sasrir's Evil Spirit.
"They" can speed up time, this is equivalent to the Theft of time.
Amon manipulated time, making the surroundings seemingly lose ten to twenty seconds in less than second. Effectively Stealing the amount of time that Klein's Historical Projections could be maintained.
"They" can reverse time, this is akin to "gifting" back time.
Pallez Zoroast manipulated time, allowing Klein to regain the time from his lifespan after Amon's Avatar Stole it.[20]
"They" can make a grayish-white fog take the form of a 'curtain', which projects the scenes in the place and rewinds, displaying the recent events and history that have happened in it.
Pallez Zoroast displayed the recent events in Lake Dalsh to know what Oxyto was trying to hide with his actions before his escape.[21]
Strengthened Abilities

Decryption: "They" are capable of Decrypting almost any mystery and the most symbolic meanings within various things, recreating the truths behind them if "They" have sufficient evidence.
Pallez Zoroast was able to Decrypt some of the symbolic meaning of Lumian's dream to a certain degree, though "He" was unable to Decrypt it fully because of insufficient evidence.[22]
Amon was able to Decrypt the mystery behind the reason why "His" connection to his Avatars had cut off, just from one evident.[20]
Advertisement

Sequence 0: Error (Bug)
Authorities

Error: "He" can fix all Errors and create Errors within everything that seems normal.
If the authority of Error were to take effect at the same level, it would often have different preconditions:
The medium and target has to be similar enough.
There is a certain connection between the two.
There are certain logical contradictions between certain matters or objects.
Some of the rules are indeed incomplete.
While not directly affecting the target, construct an "Erroneous" environment as a Divine Kingdom.
"He" is the embodiment of Deceit and Trickery.
"He" can use an Error to separate "Himself" from real world, allowing "Him" to avoid damage in real world. At the same time, "He" cannot interact with the real world.
Klein borrowed the Error authority to avoid Amon's Space Destruction damage to him.
Amon used the Error authority to avoid Bladel's Twilight Sword attack.
"He" can use the relationship between substitutes and their main body to create an Bug, so that whatever happens to the substitute will happen on the main body.
Amon Parasitized Klein's Paper Figurine Substitute then created a Bug so that the substitute getting Parasitized is equivalent to Klein getting Parasitized.
"He" can create an Error to let "His" shadow replace "Him", thus allowing his true body to be unharmed.
Theft: "His" Theft has reached the level of Authority.
"He" can steal more abstract concept like someone's childhood and teenage phases, allowing that person to instantly grow up.
Strengthened Abilities

Decryption: As the most powerful Cryptologist, "His" power to Decrypt is massively improved, allowing "Him" to crack the secrets of many things from a tiny amount of information.
Amon cracked the secrets of The Fool’s Divine Kingdom from the information "He" gained from just 2 attempts.
Avatars: "He" can create at least two Sequence 1 Avatars. "He" can achieve this in two ways:
By separating two of "His" own Sequence 1 characteristics.
By gathering several Error Pathway characteristics until "His" Avatar attains a status of a Sequence 1 without actually possessing a Sequence 1 characteristic.
"He" can find and exploit any loophole that exists